#Option to enable/disable filter
daikon.inv.filter.UnmodifiedVariableEqualityFilter.enabled = false

#Option to enable/disable specific invariants
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqFloatGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqFloatLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqIntGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.sequenceScalar.SeqIntLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.LinearBinary.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoScalar.LinearBinaryFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseFloatEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseFloatGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseFloatGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseFloatLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseFloatLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseIntEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseIntGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseIntGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseIntLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseIntLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseLinearBinary.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseLinearBinary.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseLinearBinaryFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseNumericFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.PairwiseNumericInt.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.Reverse.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.ReverseFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqFloatGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqFloatLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqFloatLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqIntGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqIntGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqIntLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqIntLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqStringEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqStringGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqStringGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqStringLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoSequence.SeqSeqStringLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoString.StringGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.binary.twoString.StringLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.ternary.threeScalar.FunctionBinary.enabled = false
daikon.inv.ternary.threeScalar.FunctionBinaryFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.ternary.threeScalar.LinearTernary.enabled = false
daikon.inv.ternary.threeScalar.LinearTernaryFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.scalar.Modulus.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.scalar.NonModulus.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.scalar.OneOfFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltOneOf.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltOneOfFloat.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltwiseFloatEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltwiseFloatGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltwiseFloatLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltwiseIntEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltwiseIntGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltwiseIntLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.OneOfFloatSequence.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexFloatEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexFloatGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexFloatGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexFloatLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexFloatLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexFloatNonEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexIntEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexIntGreaterEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexIntGreaterThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexIntLessEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexIntLessThan.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.SeqIndexIntNonEqual.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.EltOneOfString.enabled = false
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.OneOfStringSequence.enabled = false

#Other invariant configuration parameters
#daikon.inv.unary.scalar.LowerBound.maximal_interesting = +10000
#daikon.inv.unary.scalar.LowerBound.minimal_interesting = -10000
#daikon.inv.unary.scalar.LowerBoundFloat.maximal_interesting = +10000
#daikon.inv.unary.scalar.LowerBoundFloat.minimal_interesting = -10000
daikon.inv.unary.scalar.OneOfFloat.size = 5
daikon.inv.unary.scalar.OneOfScalar.size = 5
#daikon.inv.unary.scalar.UpperBound.maximal_interesting = +10000
#daikon.inv.unary.scalar.UpperBound.minimal_interesting = -10000
#daikon.inv.unary.scalar.UpperBoundFloat.maximal_interesting = +10000
#daikon.inv.unary.scalar.UpperBoundFloat.minimal_interesting = -10000
#daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltLowerBound.maximal_interesting = +10000
#daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltLowerBound.minimal_interesting = -10000
#daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltLowerBoundFloat.maximal_interesting = +10000
#daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltLowerBoundFloat.minimal_interesting = -10000
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltOneOf.size = 5
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltOneOfFloat.size = 5
#daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltUpperBound.maximal_interesting = +10000
#daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltUpperBound.minimal_interesting = -10000
#daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltUpperBoundFloat.maximal_interesting = +10000
#daikon.inv.unary.sequence.EltUpperBoundFloat.minimal_interesting = -10000
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.OneOfFloatSequence.size = 5
daikon.inv.unary.sequence.OneOfSequence.size = 5
daikon.inv.unary.string.OneOfString.size = 5
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.EltOneOfString.size = 5
daikon.inv.unary.stringsequence.OneOfStringSequence.size = 5

#Options to enable/disable derived variables
daikon.derive.binary.SequenceFloatSubscript.enabled = false
daikon.derive.binary.SequenceFloatSubsequence.enabled = false
daikon.derive.binary.SequenceScalarSubscript.enabled = false
daikon.derive.binary.SequenceScalarSubsequence.enabled = false
daikon.derive.binary.SequenceStringSubscript.enabled = false
daikon.derive.binary.SequenceStringSubsequence.enabled = false

#Options to enable implications
daikon.Daikon.guardNulls = always
daikon.PptTopLevel.pairwise_implications = true